:bug: more meaningful exception if reversed brackets in ipv6 URL (#1512)
aio-libs/yarl: CHANGES/1512.bugfix.rst

> Aligned the type of exception raised for improper IPv6 URL values,
> which should be `ValueError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Started raising a :exc:`ValueError` exception raised for corrupted
IPv6 URL values.
```

> It fixes the issue where exception `IndexError` was raised in the
> following conditions: empty IPv6 URL, brackets in reverse order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These fixes the issue where exception :exc:`IndexError` was
leaking from the internal code because of not being handled and
transformed into a user-facing error. The problem was happening
under the following conditions: empty IPv6 URL, brackets in
reverse order.
```

> -- by :user:` MaelPic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- by :user:`MaelPic`
```
